To be honest, I think I did pretty good this semester. Of course, I could have done way better. 
But from a mental health perspective I did great. As there were no big stress moments in this semester. 
Of course, these last few weeks were a bit stressful, but that is natural. 

When it comes to what I did. I am proud as I learned how TypeScript and angular work and how you can really use those two together. 
I learned how to work with Java as I do not know what I did last semester with it, but coding was not one of them.
And overall, I learned to be surer of myself and not always be in the "self-hate" corner. Maybe self-hate is a strong word, it was more in the "Is this good? = no" category.

So, for Coding I learned how Angular, TypeScript, Java/SpringBoot and ASP.Net works. And although I worked with Java before, I did a really made job with it as I was just a mess at that point. And so, everything I did while coding looked like a disaster. But now it does not look like as big of a disaster. Of course, it can still improve, but every person thinks that. As improving is natural. A subject you do not have to improve is a subject that does not exist.
But thanks to study coaching, the study psychologist, and the book "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F* ck" by Mark Manson I learned how to just not care about what people think of me and how my actions can somehow influence their perspective of me. As most of them do not care if I do certain things like buying a Lego set.
Because that is what it all was. My brain seeing 100 possibilities and being sad because it thought of 1000 things that would be very bad for me. 
Luckily, I do not have that problem as often anymore as for example I also had this same problem while buying stuff for myself, simple things like a this [Lego set](https://www.lego.com/nl-nl/product/assembly-square-10255?wgu=270975_1474775_16554573753954_b07f54cadd&wgexpiry=1663233375&cmp=AFC-AFFILIATENL-1265405-1474775-270975-2654525&wgclickid=270975_1474775_16554573753954_b07f54cadd). Just because I was thinking of how my parents would react when they saw that I bought this. Of course, this scenario was all just in my head as my parents do not care about what I do with my money, at least when the buying is healthy. If I go negative in the money department, they will talk about it. 

My parents loved seeing the set. The reason of saying this is just to show the disconnect of reality and my brains reality. 
So, thoughts that think about people indirectly is kind of fixed. But when it comes to interacting with people it still can go wrong as I am very bad at deciphering what people are actually thinking, and as I am my worst nightmare, I think they think negative of me. So, I am still working on this. And this will also improve my professionalism. As it will increase the times I talk to teachers and project holders and so also feedback/ideas. So, while we are talking it is not that I do not have any questions or that I do not want to talk. It is just a kind of stack overflow that is happening every time I talk to an important person. And I say stack overflow because I gotten sick multiple times already because of these fictional scenarios. Although just nausea and light headaches. It is still a lot when it happens on certain moments in time.

As I will see the things that I did wrong instead of talking to the other. And then there is the things I could not do this semester, things like Worlds, a level editor and "Roles and Permissions"

What I mean by the third one is any security that is not just the single page application from auth0.

I also think I started off great when it came to planning, but around week 8 I lost count of the weeks and so I dropped all my previous attempts at keeping control over the weeks. But at least it is better than normal. As At least this time I tried to plan, but I think my downfall was the fact that I could not really reference anything time related to the school week. As that is normally how I keep time. Not by the date, but with how long until x. And looks like I messed it up a little bit. But even that I am working on in my non-school hours, as it is just healthy to get a normal functional week planning. 
So ye, in the next semester I will try to improve my planning and try to mix the time writing documents and coding better. As I think that is part of the reason why I could not keep time. Because the weeks writing felt the same for me. Especially because I am a slow writer. As I am also a slow reader. And because of that my motivation for writing also goes down. So, it is like a motivation waterfall, so that is why I say that I should mix it more next semester. To keep my motivation high. (Not saying that I not been motivated this semester. Just less then I could have had.)
